fast immersive stealthy adventure
gadgets exciting
this is cars - this is a different level
the inspiration for cars - really sprang
out of spy gadgets and this wonderful
universe that Pixar has created great
job mater and the cast of characters
that we've come to love so much there
are great moments in the movie that
while the movie could only spend seconds
or a few minutes on something we can
expand that into a much longer
experience that's interactive now one of
things we thought about was well where
did Holly come from we knew there was an
agency so we came up with this idea for
Chrome the crowd training academy chrome
stands for I don't know I don't know the
whole acronym although I helped come up
with it cars headquartered espionage
does anyone know it chrome stands for
chrome the command headquarters for
reconnaissance operations and motorized
espionage
welcome to Chrome's preparation
simulation it's the worldwide
international spy organization of the
good guys we could all learn how to be a
spy they could all get equipped with
really cool gadgets and weapons and play
there's a bunch of different aspects of
being a spy there's using weapons
there's are baiting attacks there's
going fast that's more than just a race
it's kind of an obstacle course you're
still using the jumping the two-wheel
the fakirs driving all that stuff to
avoid attacks but you're also using
weapons to try to have law minions other
players and also just wreak havoc in
general of course and then there's
probably the stuff that I shouldn't tell
you about
the cars to experience transcends what
you would consider a normal racing game
it is an entire authentic cars universe
experience you get to be inspired you
get to race you get to go different
places around the world when you play it
you're going to feel like you have this
cars this feels right